There in this idea of trying to be
generic, and this actually goes well with
the question of when do you
wanna use utility class or not?
It's if we look in this, and this might
be a little bit of foreshadowing for
something that will run into later on.
Is that when we look at our images,
all of the images we have,
every single one of them has
a border radius on there.
So these images have it,
but it's a bit smaller.
And then we have these images here that
have a larger border radius on them.
So one thing we can do, and
you see this, and there's something,
it's just everywhere.
Do I really wanna go on every single
image within my entire thing and
add a utility class to it
to give it a round corner?
Maybe not [LAUGH].
So it is something that you could decide
that it actually makes
more sense to come in and
just do a really generic selector, so
we could go all the way up to our base.
Another thing that's nice with
layers is you can just search within
your code base for your layer name,
so you can find it fast, and
you're not searching
through your whole code.
So in my base layer,
you potentially could come in and
just say that all of your images
have a border radius on them.
And we have some var border radius,
I think it's three,
which is our biggest one.
We might need to modify that on
the smaller ones we have that are in
the cards later on, but then I just
get a border ES on every one of them.
So sometimes, when you're going through,
if you see something that you think would
save you time, try it out,
see if it works.
Don't even need a utility class there,
cuz I think utility classes for
this could potentially be tedious.
But yeah, as I said,
this might be a bit of foreshadowing that
you can run into trouble with these.
So just do be a little bit careful if
you do decide to go down this route.
But for now,
we'll leave it like this, just so
we can see sort of implications
of what that can cause later on.